W-17006383-Add-Hyperforce-to-Studio-CP (#581)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/hyperforce-configuration.adoc

= Configure Hyperforce in Anypoint Studio

> Salesforce Hyperforce (Hyperforce) is a modern, scalable, and secure infrastructure designed to support your MuleSoft application deployments. Hyperforce enables you to deliver Mule apps rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide, giving you more choice and control over data residency. 

Reviewer: Is this a standard/shared intro?

I think we should avoid "designed to" - can we be more definitive? 
Is there a way to flip it to avoid "enables" (and put the user task first)?

Author: Yes! This intro comes from the Hyperforce home page.
Does this wording make it better?

Reviewer: Nice rewrite! 

Can we make it a partial and include it in all the product HF pages?

> Currently, you can deploy to the following Hyperforce supported regions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy to these Hyperforce supported regions:
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a,a"]
|===
| Location | Control Plane  | Anypoint Platform URL
| North America | Canada Cloud  | `+ca1.platform.mulesoft.com+`
| APAC | Japan Cloud  | `+jp1.platform.mulesoft.com+`
|===

> To deploy Mule apps via Anypoint Studio to any of these regions, you must configure these Anypoint Platform control plane URLs in the Anypoint Studio UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy Mule apps via Anypoint Studio to these regions, you must configure these Anypoint Platform control plane URLs in the Anypoint Studio UI.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

== Before You Begin

> Before deploying Mule apps to Hyperforce your MuleSoft account must have access to a Hyperforce instance. Contact your MuleSoft account representative to provision a MuleSoft license to a Hyperforce instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deploying Mule apps to Hyperforce, your MuleSoft account must have access to a Hyperforce instance. Contact your MuleSoft account representative to provision a MuleSoft license to a Hyperforce instance.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

== Configure Hyperforce Control Planes in Anypoint Studio

. Go to *Anypoint Studio* > *Settings* > *Anypoint Studio* > *Anypoint Platform*.

> . Under *Control Plane Settings*,  select *Use this control plane* .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under *Control Plane Settings*,  select *Use this control plane*.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> . In *Control Plane URL*, write the Anypoint Platform URL of the region to which your Mule app is deployed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Control Plane URL*, enter the Anypoint Platform URL for the cloud to deploy your Mule app to:
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

= Configure Hyperforce in Anypoint Studio

//This intro can be a partial so that all docs have the same intro. Let's consider that users don't read Hyperforce docs but products docs. In this case, for example, Studio docs.

> Salesforce Hyperforce (Hyperforce) is a modern, scalable, and secure infrastructure designed to support your MuleSoft application deployments. Hyperforce enables you to deliver Mule apps rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide, giving you more choice and control over data residency. Mule apps benefit from its integration of enhanced standards for compliance, scalability, security, agility, and privacy.
> 
> With Hyperforce, you can use a globally distributed and reliable platform to ensure optimal performance and reliability for your integrations and APIs.
> 
> Some key benefits:
> 
> * Data Residency
> +
> Enables you to serve your users globally while maintaining control over data residency and compliance.
> 
> * Scalability
> +
> Enables you to grow and scale your business more flexibly and sustainably.
> 
> * Security
> +
> Follows least-privileged control, zero-trust principles, and encrypts data both at rest and in transit.
> 
> * Agility
> +
> Minimizes downtime for releases and maintenance. Additionally, it accelerates development and testing environments and offers extensive interoperability with AWS, streamlining your workflow.
> 
> * Privacy
> +
> Provides you privacy standards that give you control and transparency over your users' data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Salesforce Hyperforce (Hyperforce) is a modern, scalable, and secure infrastructure designed to support your MuleSoft application deployments. Hyperforce enables you to deliver Mule apps rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide, giving you more choice and control over data residency. 

Currently, you can deploy to the following Hyperforce supported regions:
[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a,a"]
|===
| Location | Control Plane  | Anypoint Platform URL
| North America | Canada Cloud  | `+ca1.platform.mulesoft.com+`
| APAC | Japan Cloud  | `+jp1.platform.mulesoft.com+`
|===

To deploy Mule apps via Anypoint Studio to any of these regions, you must configure these Anypoint Platform control plane URLs in the Anypoint Studio UI.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

== Before You Begin

Before deploying Mule apps to Hyperforce your MuleSoft account must have access to a Hyperforce instance. Contact your MuleSoft account representative to provision a MuleSoft license to a Hyperforce instance.

> == Hyperforce Supported Regions
> 
> Hyperforce is available in these regions:
> 
> [%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a,a"]
> |===
> | Location | Control Plane | Region | Anypoint Platform URL
> | North America | Canada Cloud | ca-central-1 | ca1.platform.mulesoft.com
> | APAC | Japan Cloud | ap-northeast-1 | jp1.platform.mulesoft.com
> |===
> //This intro can be a partial so that all docs have the same intro. Let's consider that users don't read Hyperforce docs but products docs. In this case, for example, Studio docs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

> == Deploy Mule Apps to Hyperforce
> 
> . Go to *Anypoint Studio* > *Settings* > *Anypoint Studio* > *Anypoint Platform*.
> . Select *Use this control plane* in *Control Plane Settings*.
> . In *Control Plane URL*, write the URL of the region to which your Mule app is deployed:
> * Canada Cloud: ca1.platform.mulesoft.com
> * Japan Cloud: jp1.platform.mulesoft.com
> . Click *Apply and Close*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Configure Hyperforce Control Planes in Anypoint Studio

. Go to *Anypoint Studio* > *Settings* > *Anypoint Studio* > *Anypoint Platform*.
. Under *Control Plane Settings*,  select *Use this control plane* .
. In *Control Plane URL*, write the Anypoint Platform URL of the region to which your Mule app is deployed:
* Canada Cloud: `+ca1.platform.mulesoft.com+`
* Japan Cloud: `+jp1.platform.mulesoft.com+`
. Click *Apply and Close*.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

[NOTE]
Use the *Select your region* options in the *Region Settings* to deploy your Mule application to US, EU, or GOV clouds.

== See Also

> * xref:xref:set-anypoint-platform-cloud.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:hyperforce::index.adoc[]
```

Author: OK! Thanks!
